How is this possible?
Is a great deal of disrespect a great deal of slavery?
Is this still that trash?
At that time, as the second family, the Shen family contributed the most
Human or ghost
For you
I am the third kind of person besides human ghosts
Don't be complacent
I told you to kill him as soon as you enter the toilet
Let you know who I am today
open
Three days. I'll give you three days.
Mobilize all the forces you can mobilize
I'm afraid I won't have a good time killing by then
Three days later.
The Li family got revenge
You are dying
I will use your blood
And the future of your family
Let you understand a truth
Blood fight
Good and evil will be rewarded in the end
It's either too early or too late